Taringa! is a virtual community from Argentina created in 2004 by Fernando Sanz, then acquired in November 2006 by Alberto Nakayama and the Botbol brothers. On Taringa!, users can share all kinds of information through posts. This site is a Web 2.0 website. Taringa has become one of the largest online communities in both Argentina and Latin America during the last 8 years. On Taringa!, registered users can share information such as funny photos, web memes, and breaking news in the form of posts. Sharing done on Taringa is carried out through a collaborative system of interactive content, while users try to gain recognition from the community and contribute to its "Collective Intelligence" (the website's motto).

Taringa! does not allow the publication of sexually explicit material as a new site -called Poringa!- was created. In Poringa! users can publish this sort of explicit content. While Poringa! is a completely separate site, its users and moderators are the same as in Taringa!.

The popularity of both sites has grown largely thanks to appearance in national media. As of February 2012, Taringa received over 5.5 million visits per day which generated over 25 million actions including posts, comments, and points. The number of unique visits daily exceeds 70 million.

In February 2012 an article by Wired Magazine listed Taringa as one of the foreign sites that "outshine Facebook" stating, "there are still places where an also-ran or a homegrown alternative beats out the global hegemonies".
One of Taringa!'s most important aspects is the Posts. The users create the content themselves and receive feedback from the community (except new users, being experts or not) in the form of comments, points, recommendations, and favorites. Top rated content gets featured on a special section of the site called Tops. Posts can be about many different subjects. They can be created with text, images, gifs, videos, and/or links. Within the post section of the website there are a variety of categories, including art, travel, news, computers and technology, etc.
Taringa! has a system of user-created groups that are called "Communities." Communities are the space on Taringa! where users can interact and discourse with other users. There are many different categories within Communities, and within each category are a variety of subcategories. These groups are used to share interests, information, ideas, creative content, and others. When you create a Community, you are the owner and the moderator of that Community. Any Taringa! user can join communities, and leave them as well. Visitor, Commenter or Poster can be set as a defaults of a range for each new member. Rookies can't create communities, but they can join and participate in them.
